[Applause]
not really how I imagined an art critic
would look
can't tell me you never wanted to paint
seriously where do you want to be when
you're a kid I was never a kid you're
one of those on the wedge a liar
yeah
ever heard of Joseph Cassidy the art
dealer
mm-hmm been invited his estate you got
rich friends
if you could interview any living
artists who do you think it would be at
the end of my property there's a
dilapidated little house in this house
there's an artist no critic has phoned
to this guy in over 50 years
Jerome Dabney it's an honor mr. Deveny
think of the splash of making CN
describers can't work no no no I cannot
abide such things you could be running a
major museum suit and why would you do
this for me I value their adaptive jabs
and I'd like you to procure one for me
[Music]
what is this about redemption
embezzlement and tawdry kind of
underhanded don't you think you know
what we need to do most people
what you'd expect
you know don't you I won't
[Music]
I left when I basically left I wasn't
there because I wasn't sober I'm sober
now I don't want that to happen again
hakuna and storia hot Salomon OC
[Music]
you're so easy isn't it you know
unwantedly the fella factor I get big
paranoid thoughts you think you know
that why someone like you upsetting the
people one
[Applause]
[Music]
no uniform today you see anyone on the
way in no no it's dead
what was that go heat back Joey what is
it blood on you tell me anchovy what
happened I didn't want to do this I
didn't have a choice man my own money a
lot of money
together but I couldn't you left her I
had to I couldn't carry her or the bags
I would have given you money if you'd
need it did that bad I would have
mortgage the house right now or I'll
shoot your whole family you understand
me I'm gonna call the police no no no no
no dad dad you can't call the police if
the police can valio kill him
haven't changed ever changed one bit he
just wants the bag squish we're doing
half he doesn't know that we have them
and we can take you to them right now
if you are lying to me so help me God
it's about 20 feet
right there
I was just wanting to help me
Laurie wait tell me where she is
like I'm getting married how awesome is
that awesome
she loves me for who I am
hmm and I love her for who she is huh
I can't wait to spend the rest of my
life with that fine I slept with her
what what do you mean
Kyle hates me
he should hate you I know I'm a bad
friend oh my god Mike are you serious
what you did to him was selfish
Kyle selfless he always thinks about
other people first I invited Mike for
Christmas what he is not doing well we
were his only family now he has no one
my student living room he'd out bad
right yeah Merry Christmas
mrs. Mike yeah fat hey we should you
countable next no that's a black diamond
being punished no it's snow if he
crashes it's snow
I got an odd question Kyle no one wants
to grasp he's gotta go yeah he's gonna
die tomorrow I mean like he's got it so
boy like not in Our Lives
but he's my friend
[Music]
sometimes when you think you're doing
the wrong thing it's actually what's
needed let's go if you love someone you
should care what happened yeah I don't
nobody likes her nobody likes you Mike
I am the only one who likes you and I
don't know why could your loud and
obnoxious nerd hey can I just know my
when you get knocked down you gotta get
right back in there I'm gonna kill you I
know that's why I waited for the hell
yeah you got this might show all right
that's just so that you know this is a
real gun that it's loaded you know the
truth
somebody shoot
I'm he just hungry
what I have a place to live people who
look out for me
Oscar this is my family of broken toys
what we provide here is an education a
way of life fit only for wolves they
treat me all right yes sir
and you got a load of people after you
you killed a man I'm sure you had your
reasons
look you did the right thing and that
girl she won't ever forget what you did
for her do disappear on me right never I
promise you ran away 15 years ago seems
Oscar gray we grew up together
I'll see if I can turn something up make
it disappear they got everything on you
pictures file
they took this yeah and it wasn't a kill
now we heard them
where is she this the girl
we got a call
we gave you lyfe the community
you a day in the picture everyone here
has value you're a part of something
I want to tell you about my best friend
in the world
I'm an actress I mean I'm acting right
now I'm acting in this because given all
the dancing that's going to be happening
we thought it'd be more viable for the
dancers to pull off the acting required
then vice versa and the part I'll be
playing are playing a part of is also
for purposes of identification oh man
my name is Eden and that is a Viva Viva
[Music]
hey I was just a book about to see Eva
I'm sorry
you could have come she said I'm sorry
I'm sorry I know you need to breathe
well everything is always changing
I want to be able to do I want for once
in my life not who you want who I want
and who wants to me
[Music]
don't tell me what to do I don't even
know who I am anymore this stupid
country
[Music]
my best friend in the world
you
a toy Yoshioka to maravilla guitarist
[Music]
sceeto I or it or not
koishi sticky put us in your collision
after d-day we are putting sterling
issue body mess
[Music]
speaking
[Applause]
hang connect no cotton donde
chandernagore na Gaeilge dhakini Miami
dhakini keep its key starting a college
team know I give Eric a no games etudes
skinny carrot boss or whatever comedy
cut any who do anything
then because of our then the always mama
judge of Samar so they also socialize it
you go to court you may or mouth listen
go to look oh yeah yeah
well but a little my daughter need
whole exam how about how I don't even
remember
come on Charlie shouting and then though
I'm interrogating murder
I'd rather catch up with you
[Music]
that'll fun Jewish comedian those
happier sure those hangers sure meaning
to the appearance of shoulder bill one
equates member new Jesus to be ruined a
doctor how does that should
Judson's and the Steichen solution or
the time soon be enjoyable agency
give us hello hello
Oh hanging a survey 7,000 Harlan fetch
an event in their local commercials for
Joe Kennedy we let's assume that sue
Travis's to contain copper powder whose
lithium capacity
since my cocaine
mr. Nolan tavern mastermind and holistic
Uyghur Yanis come over here - Alexandra
is my big lion
yonas concentrate is better come nah man
they're forbidden anyway I don't spin
right
and I said right also to top up on the
sketchy fairness in the travel policy
which paid on jobs in those robbers I'm
concerned by that argument of dish
[Music]
- desert Savini Shoob listen would lava
revoke his fear stone on top
- live six minutes the bureau indecision
everybody
as they function again society
no sentiment mr. Baida
now ladies and gentlemen okay then
I'll tell you how I met Elvis we want to
return the package ASAP he's ready to
rock it wasn't just another Elvis
contest this one was for everything
[Music]